a. Data Source: 
    The information for the data set was recieved from Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rohanrao/formula-1-world-championship-1950-2020).
    It contains data from the start of F1 in 1950 till 2023. The data was recieved via the Ergast API and uploaded by a user on Kaggle.
    The source of the data is the F1 races that have taken place over the years

b. Table Descriptions:
    1. constructors --> This table has information about the various constructors that have competed throughout F1's history. 
    2. drivers --> This contains all the drivers in F1 history
    3. circuits --> this is a table of the various race tracks that have been used all over the globe
    4. races --> this is a list of races. It has a forigen key for the circuit id becuase a race must take place on an FIA approved circuit
    5. LapTime --> This is a table of all the lap times set by drivers. There are two foreign keys here: one of the driver and one for the race they set the time in
    6. PitStops --> This is a table of all the pit stops that each driver underwent during each race. There are two foreign keys here: one of the driver and one for the race they set the time in
    7. Qualifying --> this is a table with the qualifying position of the driver and the team they were a part of. There are two foreign keys here: one of the driver and one for their team (the constructor)

    Note: there are comments in the CUSTOM-setup.sql file with info about the specific colums

c. There were a bunch of mapping challanges. For instance with the numbers of the drivers some of them had a '/N' which made it so the number field couldn't actually be a number value.
    Additionally, due to mapping issues, the addition of the results table wasn't added becuase there were some outlying values as a result of things like people not finishing.
    Finally, I had to reduce the number of columns in each table becuase there was too much additional information.
    Moving forward, more data tables can be added in as there is infomation about a bunch of other aspects of F1.

d. Unique Requests:
    1. Which constructor typically has the most pit stops per race --> could imply a weaker car
    2. Which circuits require the most pit stops on average --> can help determine tire management strats
    3. As time has progressed how much has the lap times on each circuit changes --> shows growth of the sport over time
